What is Linguistics?
  Linguistics is generally defined as the scientific study of language. Three elements:
    1.languages (not any particular language)
    2.study (means "investigation" or "Examination")
    3.scientific(or systematic, explaining a way in which a language is studied)
  
Scope of linguistics 
  micro linguistics (core)
    phonetics:how speech sounds are produced and perceived
    phonology:how speech sounds function in a language(functional phonetics)
    morphology: how words are formed 
    syntax: the rules governing words in a sentance
    sematics: meaning in isolation(cover meaninbgs)
    pragmatics:meaning in context of language use
  macro linguistics
    sociolinguistics:relationhsip between language and society
    psycholinguistics:relationship between language and psychology
    neurolinguistics: relationship between language and brain
    sytlistics:language styler
    discourse analysis:relationship between discourse and its contexts
    (paragraphs,conversations and interviews)
    cognitive linguistics: the organizing, processinbg and cognition of language
    applied linguitics: applicaiton of linguistic principles and theories
  
Lanuage
  Langue&parole
    language: the abstract linguistic system shared by all the members of a speech community.
    parole:   the realization of langue in actual use, varying from person to person.
  prescriptive& descriptive
    descriptive :  modern linguistics
    prescriptive:  traditional grammar
  synchronic Vs. diachronic
    synchronic: a study of a language at some point in time
    diachronic: a study of language is a historical study
   \ 
  "language" as is used
    case1: Chineses is a language- language in particular
    case2: Linguistics is the systematic study of language -language in general
    case3: Shakespeare's language - typical type of using a particular language
    case4: C language in computer science - artificial language
    case5: the langugae of bees - system of communication
  A generally accepted definition
    Language is a system of arbitrary vocal symbols ued for human communication.
        -- Ronald Wardhaugh: Introduction to Linguistics (1977)
    nature of language: symbolic and conventional
  \
  Design features of lanaguage
    Arbitrariness: generally there is no logical connection between meanings and sounds.
    Duality: language consists of two sets of structures, or two levels.
      lower level :sounds which are meaninglesss
      higher level:units of meaning by grouping or regrouping sounds
    Creativity(productivity): lanaguage is productive in that it makes possible the construction and interpretation of new signals by its users.
    Displacements: langugae can be used to refer to contexts removed from the immediate situations of the speaker.
    Cultural transmission: A language is taught and learned within a particular cultural backgroud.
    
    
